Master (#29)
epi052/feroxbuster-docs: content/docs/Examples/resume-scan.md

save_state = false
```

## Configure name of the state file

> To override the naming convention with something custom pass the enviroment variable `STATE_FILENAME` with it's value having the name you want to use for the state file. You can even define a path where the state file will be saved instead of the same directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To override the naming convention with something custom, pass the environment variable `STATE_FILENAME` with its value having the name you want to use for the state file. You can even define a path where the state file will be saved instead of the same directory.
```
